I am desperately attempting to create software that will make my life easier. I envision a software system that makes tedious tasks quick and simple or, even better, eliminates them through automation. The vision includes a lot of automation, thereby letting me focus on other things I would like to do with my time rather than "doing the books". The vision software also provides me reports and alerts that keep me going easy and compliant and INFORMED.

I dream of all of these things for me. There is not currently anything on the market that handles my business needs that gives me the results I desire. This is frustrating. I seek to create this system myself. While I will personally benefit from my time and treasure invested in creating such dream software to run my own business, I also see how others running similar businesses could also benefit from my investment. 

Because of that, I feel I can sell access to my software system and create an additional business of such. When there is enough benefit built into the system, others will be willing to pay monthly fees to use this system for themselves and gain the enrichment of the automation, reporting, analysis and time savings. 

There are many facets involved in this business to track and watch. Modularizing the system will be a must. 

Based on years of thinking about this system and researching how to create software, I have made a few decisions:

I feel I can combine the specs, design, development, and technical documentation in an self feeding loop. This is based on the ideas of Domain Driven Design, Event Modeling, Event Storming, Living Documentation, Test Driven Development, Behaviour Driven Development. 
Using xUnit, tickspec, gerkin, FsUnit, Expecto, Unquote, Canopy

I have settled on Blazor for UI. It gives me the most reach for my expected uses and users. Can work on laptops, tablets and phones and can use minimal server resources that I will need to pay for. 

F# is the primary language to use. Because of my inexperience and lack of simple resources for F#, I am starting with C# Blazor. This will also allow me to understand how to keep the UI as a separate module. Later I may try a Bolero version once I understand the Blazor concepts better. 

I am keeping these technical journals as it seems a good way keep my decisions and flow of consciousness and then I can make public things that I think will help others.   
